Replace Staff with Volunteer in internal and external policies (#465)
thewca/wca-documents: documents/Code of Ethics.md

# Code of Ethics

### Version 2.6 {.version}

> The Code of Ethics must be considered by all World Cube Association (WCA) Volunteers as a standard for actions and decisions they will be making when acting on behalf of the WCA within their role. “Listed Delegates” refers to WCA Delegates who are publicly displayed on the “General info” tab of an official WCA Competition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Code of Ethics must be considered by all WCA Volunteers as a standard for actions and decisions they will be making when acting on behalf of the WCA within their role. “Listed Delegates” refers to WCA Delegates who are publicly displayed on the “General info” tab of an official WCA Competition.
```
Suggest avoiding definition as commonly understood and covered by Definitions Motion.

         1. Example: Being the owner of a cubing store/business.
   2. WCA Volunteers must not receive sponsorship(s) for their role within the WCA.
      1. Any sponsorship details of a WCA Volunteer as a competitor must be reported to the WIC.
   3. WCA Volunteers must not use their role to promote a third party brand who are not a [WCA-recognized regional organization](wca{organizations}), the competition sponsor(s), or sponsors of the WCA. This includes but is not limited to:
      1. Promotions in emails to competitors
      2. References in the email signature block
   4. Listed WCA Delegates must not wear apparel which could reasonably be interpreted as an official affiliation or agreement with the WCA.
      1. Delegates may wear personal sponsorship apparel while they are competing.
   5. Organizers must handle decisions on competition sponsors.
      1. Delegates may provide advice and should ensure that the competition organization team is negotiating a fair deal.
   6. WCA Volunteers must take all steps possible to exclude themselves from any decisions in which they have a conflict of interest.
5. **Abuse of Power**

>    1. A WCA Volunteers member must not use their power within the organization/community to unfairly benefit an individual or group, including, but not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. A WCA Volunteer must not use their power within the organization/community to unfairly benefit an individual or group, including, but not limited to:

```
